docs: content for KeptnTaskDefinition ref and tasks guide (#1392)
keptn/lifecycle-toolkit: docs/content/en/docs/concepts/workloads/_index.md

hidechildren: true # this flag hides all sub-pages in the sidebar-multicard.html
---

A `KeptnWorkload`resource contains information about
which tasks should be performed during the `preDeployment`
or `postDeployment` phase of a deployment.
In its state,
it keeps track of the currently active `Workload Instances`,
which are responsible for doing those checks
for a particular instance of a Deployment/StatefulSet/ReplicaSet
(e.g. a Deployment of a certain version).

## KeptnWorkload

A `KeptnWorkload` resource augments a Kubernetes
[Workload](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/)
with the ability to handle extra phases.
KLT generates the `KeptnWorkload` resource
from metadata information;
it is not necessary to manually create a YAML file that defines it.

A `KeptnWorkload` instance is responsible for executing
the pre- and post deployment checks of a workload.
In its state, it keeps track of the current status of all checks,
as well as the overall state of the Pre Deployment phase,

> which the scheduler can use to determine

Reviewer: I do not agree with this sentence: yes the scheduler determines if a node meets the requirements to bind a pod, but the pre-deployment phase can be used for many kind of checks, while now it sound like this is only to check on nodes? I would rephrase it without mentioning that it uses it to decide node binding:

```suggestion
which the scheduler can use to determine whether the deployment should proceed and whether the pod should be bound to a node or stay pending.
```

> that a node meets the criteria required

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> to allow a pod to be bind to a node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> `KeptnWorkload` nstances have a reference

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`KeptnWorkload` instances have a reference
```

hidechildren: true # this flag hides all sub-pages in the sidebar-multicard.html
---

A Kubernetes

> [Workload](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/)

Reviewer 2: Here maybe I would not reference the kubernetes workloads, but speak about KeptnWorkload, as these contain information about which tasks (pre/post deployment or pre/post evaluation) should be performed

Author: done

resource contains information about
which tasks should be performed during the `preDeployment`
or `postDeployment` phase of a deployment.
In its state,
it keeps track of the currently active `Workload Instances`,
which are responsible for doing those checks
for a particular instance of a Deployment/StatefulSet/ReplicaSet
(e.g. a Deployment of a certain version).

## KeptnWorkload

A `KeptnWorkload` resource augments a Kubernetes `workload`
with the ability to handle extra phases.
KLT generates the `KeptnWorkload` resource
from metadata information;
it is not necessary to manually create a YAML file that defines it.

A Workload Instance is responsible for executing
the pre- and post deployment checks of a workload.
In its state, it keeps track of the current status of all checks,
as well as the overall state of the Pre Deployment phase,
which the scheduler can use to determine
that a node meets the criteria required

> to allow a pod to be placed on that node.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to allow a pod to be bind to a node.
```

Workload Instances have a reference

> to the respective Deployment/StatefulSet/ReplicaSet,

Reviewer 2: We do not need to mention Deployment, as ReplicaSet is part of deployment, on the other hand, we also support Pod and DeamonSet here

```suggestion
to the respective Pod/DeamonSet/StatefulSet/ReplicaSet,
```
